So we've talked about how variables were changed in ESX So let's go ahead and talk about strings are
going to make a new file and call it strings dodgiest And you know the drill we're going to comment
out the script tag here and then add in a script tag.
Now honestly there is more inside of the update that involves strings that I'm going to tell you about
right now.
But a lot of it has to do with like the encoding of strings and characters and honestly it's a bunch
of stuff that you really might not need to know.
It's not something that really comes up a lot but what I'm going to teach you here is far and away the
coolest and definitely one of the most common things you'll see from the updates made to strings.
Now as we've seen before if we try to make a string and we'll do it this time because now we're more
fancy and we're hip and we're using new syntax.
If I try to make a string like this and then I counseled out log it everything goes as planned right.
But we've talked about how we can't really go down to the next line right because of how javascript
works.
It's trying to read this string right here and by going to the next line that's invalid syntax so as
you can see right here unexpected token it has to do with how javascript is compiled.
But with that being said there is a bit of a work around that we can use to create multi line sort of
strings so we can do this for our backslash right here.
And as you can see my syntax or my highlighting actually changes to where it's valid.
Of course that doesn't actually change how it's displayed inside of the output of the console right
here.
All it shows is a space right here.
So one kind of trick that you'll see people potentially do is to do backslash in backslash.
Now this is a hack.
It takes advantage of a bug inside of javascript that's been around for a very long time but a lot of
developers will tell you to stay away from it because as I said before it is a hack and it takes advantage
of a bug inside of Javascript.
So you can technically make multi-line expressions.
You could also add another one so you could do backslash in backslash then add some more and you can
just keep adding to get a multi-line string like that inside of six.
It is actually much much easier to make a multi line I believe you use a dash with that string.
So what you do is really simple.
What we're going to do is make a brand new string instead of using single quotes or double quotes.
We're going to use back ticks.
OK.
Now the back to back on a standard keyboard should be located to the left of the one the number one
button.
OK.
Just above your left tab key.
So it should be located right there and it looks like a little back ticks now.
These are referred to as template strings.
And we're going to see a lot more that we can do with them.
But in this particular case all I'm going to do is cancelled out log the result.
So I'll go ahead and go down here comment that back in.
And then you can see I can make strings all day long on as many lines as I want and that's perfectly
kosher.
So now whenever I log this out you can see there is no error.
There is no crazy kind of I guess you'd call it bug or any kind of work around.
It's perfectly valid inside of six and beyond.
Interesting thing to keep in mind is what I'm going to do is I'm going to put these strings on the same
line are these characters on the same line.
And then I'm going and print out the links.
OK.
And as you can see the link is 16.
Now I'm going to throw this down to the next line.
What do you think the links are going to be now.
It's going to be 17.
So essentially this is going to count as one space.
But now if I go ahead and add more spaces like so you can see the length increases to 22.
So it went up by five.
And if I decrease it by two then it'll go to 20 like so.
So in other words the spaces do contribute to the length of the string which is something very important
to keep in mind especially if you're working with multi-line strings.
But this is a very good very clean way to make multiline strings.
You just need to be aware that the length will actually be affected by how you'd structure your multi-line
string and how much space you add on the subsequent line.